mission number 70 lb Tannen an all new
Tonight Show catch Patrick Swayze Rita
Wilson and simply read tonight your
local news is a secure and next on news
22 for the second time in a week of
prisoner escape from a local hospital
also judging at exactly the first time
of the trial 622 start 3 right now to
shut up
Miami valleys News team that stuff my
tail this is news 20 on your 10 o'clock
two kids a landmate walks away from a
loafer ready to throw her to wine good
evening I'm Jay Dunlap and I'm Wanda
second time the week of prisoner gets
away from a security guard last week I
was Miami Valley Hospital tonight it's
Good Samaritan Lake Peters - no live now
with the latest
wait well Laurie we're just about a
block from Good Sam you can see their
parking garage behind me where he
already said it's thirty this evening
well just about an hour ago police
concluded their search without success
looking for a man they say it could be
very dangerous that go up searched
around evening for the individual
calling at my area surrounding the
hospital officers were stationed on
street corners
custody right now he got out walked out
of the room security stepped out for a
second and the prisoner got loose from
his restraints and walked out of the
hospital in custody for theft of stakes
at a Kroger store on Saturday police say
he has a long history of arrests his
last arrest in which he fought one it
was store security guards charges are
pending for two counts of felonious
assault in the felony warrant
nonstandard down he was taken to the
hospital where he's being treated side
and lock their doors in a type of
incident that some say that's I think I
can do differently thank you
and certainly some good advice to heed
let me go ahead and give you a
description of that suspect he is 32
year old Myron Jones he is a black male
through five eight and five Niner sir
162 guard and 80 pounds he was last
wearing the hospital down lying escaped
and of course police urged anyone in his
name
may I see someone fitting that
description to call a double bucks lock
those doors there live in daytime label
box up to you Lake is he from this area
and the idea where he might go
he is from this area he's from just
about ten blocks or so from here and
police say while they have concluded the
search of this state by two nights at a
jet here setting up some surveillance
units in some areas that they think you
may go in his home to see if he shows up
all right Thank You Leigh following that
story for us tonight you're not calling
it all there Sansui next house computers
begin their case against a lucasville
inmate it's hearing date